---
layout: single
title: "[2025] World Tour Challenge"
date: 2025-01-10
categories: challenge
---

Prompts completed: 3 / **8**

- [Log](#log)
- [Challenge Details](#challenge-details)
  - [Link](#link)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Prompts](#prompts)

## Log

> _Books and authors link to Goodreads pages (when available)_

| Country      | Book (link to GR)             | Author | Language | Review (/10) |
| ------------ | ----------------------------- | ------ | -------- | ------------ |
| **China**    | The Seventh Day               |        | Chinese  |              |
| **China**    |                               |        |          |              |
| **Poland**   |                               |        |          |              |
| **Poland**   |                               |        |          |              |
| **Norway**   | The Bat                       |        |          |              |
| **Columbia** | Chronicle of A Death Foretold |        |          |              |
| **Italy**    | The Lost Daughter             |        |          |              |
| **Poland**   | Empusium                      |        |          |              |

## Challenge Details

### Link

Original Goodreads reading challenge: [link](https://www.goodreads.com/topic/show/22988152-world-tour-challenge-2025)

### Requirements

🌍8 item challenge.

🌍All must be completed within 2025.

🌍For recommendations: The other member should consider the shelf of the other member and what they like before recommending 3-5 books.

🌍For WT Buddy Read: This can be a book put forward by the member or joining in any other WT Buddy Read proposed by another.

### Prompts

1. Choose a country and read one book set in or written by an author of that country.
2. Read a second book set in or written by an author of that same country.
3. Choose a different country and read one book set in or written by an author of that country.
4. Read a second book set in or written by an author of that same country.
5. Free read any book set in or written by an author of another country not your own! Must be different from the 2 countries above.
6. Free read any book set in or written by an author of another country not your own! Must be different from the 3 countries above.
7. Choose a country. Ask another group member to recommend you 3-5 books set in or written by an author of that country. Choose one and read it! Crossing this off does not count towards the other 7 prompts and is considered separate. This can be a new country or a repeated country.
8. Participate in any group WT Buddy Read. A buddy read you or someone else proposes to help complete this challenge! Crossing this off does not count towards the other 7 prompts and is considered separate. This can be a new country or a repeated country.
